http://adventofcode.com/2016/day/1

--- Day 1: No Time for a Taxicab ---

Santa's sleigh uses a very high-precision clock to guide its movements, and the clock's oscillator is regulated by
stars. Unfortunately, the stars have been stolen... by the Easter Bunny. To save Christmas, Santa needs you to retrieve
all fifty stars by December 25th.

Collect stars by solving puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the advent calendar; the second
puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!

You're airdropped near Easter Bunny Headquarters in a city somewhere. "Near", unfortunately, is as close as you can get
- the instructions on the Easter Bunny Recruiting Document the Elves intercepted start here, and nobody had time to
work them out further.

The Document indicates that you should start at the given coordinates (where you just landed) and face North. Then,
follow the provided sequence: either turn left (L) or right (R) 90 degrees, then walk forward the given number of
blocks, ending at a new intersection.

There's no time to follow such ridiculous instructions on foot, though, so you take a moment and work out the
destination. Given that you can only walk on the street grid of the city, how far is the shortest path to the
destination?

For example:

Following R2, L3 leaves you 2 blocks East and 3 blocks North, or 5 blocks away.
R2, R2, R2 leaves you 2 blocks due South of your starting position, which is 2 blocks away.
R5, L5, R5, R3 leaves you 12 blocks away.
How many blocks away is Easter Bunny HQ?



--- Part Two ---

Now, given the same instructions, find the position of the first character that causes him to enter the
basement (floor -1). The first character in the instructions has position 1, the second character has
position 2, and so on.

For example:

) causes him to enter the basement at character position 1.
()()) causes him to enter the basement at character position 5.
What is the position of the character that causes Santa to first enter the basement?

Once answer is figured out, go to: http://adventofcode.com/day/1
And enter your answer there.

NOTE: You will only be able to see and submit Part Two once you have submitted the correct answer
for part 1.